doc: Documentation fixes for 3.0.0 (#1703)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrfxlib: nrf_modem/doc/dectphy.rst

   * In the USA, you must refer to `47 CFR Part 15.323`_.
   * In all other territories, you must follow the local regulations.

>    When operating on band 4, you must not use the carrier outside the range of 525 to 551 as they interfere with other radio devices, including LTE devices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   When operating on band 4, you must not use the carrier outside the range of 525 to 551 as it interferes with other radio devices, including LTE devices.
```
